# Love Your Planet

Let's face it, becoming the “people” depicted in the Wall-E movie who are permanently attached to their devices, seems like a very bad idea. We’re already evolving into a cybernetic race and some think we are already there based on our attachment to our mobile devices. If technologies such as neuralink progress and the metaverse comes to be, we may indeed have to declare ourselves as no longer homosapiens but rather some other, new variant.

We’re not anti-technology at all, having instant access to unlimited and accurate information is pretty cool actually, we just think being sat in an air conditioned room surrounded by screens is not how we should spend all of our time. In the modern era, humans as a species need to be fitter, healthier and more connected to the planet that we call home, whether that’s Earth, Mars or somewhere else. We need to learn to balance a sustainable love for nature with the technologies that allow humans to thrive and reach their potential.

On a very basic level, the way to remind people what an amazing world we have, is just to encourage people to spend more time in it. That’s why, at launch, Twimp is a Web 2.0 mobile app that people can pick up to find some sort of outdoor adventure trail nearby to complete. Some people enjoy going for walks and that’s great, but others need a little more engagement and that’s really where Twimp excels. Whether it’s murder mysteries, treasure hunts, stories or history trails that get you going, Twimp has something for you. And if it doesn’t, why not create it yourself?

The future of our planet will ultimately be decided by the next generation and we’re already aware that they have a bit of a job on their hands. But, let’s be honest, an increasing number of children would prefer to play in their virtual blocky world than the real one outside, and that might prove a little dangerous. So, when we’re rediscovering our planet, it would be ideal to take the children with us whenever possible. Plus, there is evidence that suggests children learn best through practical learning while playing. We can certainly help with that.
